[Spike] Re-organise contents (#13)
futureversecom/trn-docs: docs/build/evm/core-concepts.md

---

> title: Core Concepts

Reviewer: Core Concept

---

The Root Network (TRN) incorporates a built-in Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) pallet that implements the EVM specification, as described in the Ethereum Yellow Paper. This functionality allows TRN to interpret smart contracts written in Solidity, thereby facilitating the easy transfer of DApps from Ethereum to TRN. It also enables the use of our pre-built core runtime pallets.

The `@therootnetwork/evm` package provides supplementary modules to make the contract interaction on TRN as easy as possible.

## Dual Token

> TRN uses a dual token system. A governance token **$ROOT** and a fee token **$XRP**. The native currency used by Ethereum RPCs on TRN for: balances, paying gas fees, and value transfers is **$XRP**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TRN employs a dual token system: a governance token called **$ROOT** and a fee token named **$XRP**. The native currency utilized for Ethereum RPCs on TRN, including balances, gas fees, and value transfers, is **$XRP**.
```

> :::

Reviewer: not sure, why we have it like this :::tips

<img width="1085" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-07 at 3 48 48 PM" src="https://github.com/futureversecom/trn-docs/assets/29415595/b38d9ff1-a0e8-4d2c-8394-116331834d46">
